README.md, before:

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>
            <a href="http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine"><img src="http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/projects/lionengine/lionengine.jpg"/></a>
        </td>
        <td>
            <h4 align="center">Summary</h4>
            <div align="left">
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#presentation">Presentation</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#general-features">General features</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#download">Download</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#tutorials">Tutorials</a></li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Presentation

The __LionEngine__ is a game engine especially developed during the project [Lionheart Remake] (http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionheart_remake) for an easy Java use.
The engine is as a library, in Jar format (_including its javadoc_), which can be included in any project;
for utility class uses, or to directly implement and inherit a game skeleton (_including management of frame rate, extrapolation, input output..._).

Using Java 7 internal libraries, it is specifically designed for 2D games (no support for 3D at the moment), and proposes a set of functions for 2D resources management (_images_, _sprites_, _animations_, _tiles_...).
Inputs and outputs are also available, with an easy keys retrieval, mouse movement... Management of music file are also available (_Wav_, _Midi_, and more using plug-ins, such as _Sc68_).
Windowed, full-screen and applet formats are fully supported, with a complete frame rate control.

In its current version, the engine greatly simplifies the development of __Platform__, __Strategy__ and __Shoot'em Up__ games, and also __Network__ layer.

Since the version __6__, it supports __Android 1.5__ *(API 3)*.
The only change to perform is the gameplay part, as the '__mouse__' and '__keyboard__' concepts are different on Android.
Everything else is fully compatible and does not require any changes.

## General Features

* #### __lionengine-core__
>  * Simple initialization, with version control, screen configuration and resource directory
>  * Extrapolation control (_machine speed independent_)
>  * Advanced filtering capability (_Bilinear, HQ2X, HQ3X_)
>  * Sequence control (_intro, menu, game part, credits..._)
>  * Easy resource management (_relative to resource directory_)
>  * Advanced image usage (_sprite, animation, tile, font, parallax_)
>  * File I/O (_binary & XML reader & writer_)
>  * Utility classes (_Random, Conversions, Maths, File..._)
>  * Verbosity control


* #### __lionengine-core-awt__
>  * Engine implementation using __AWT__ from _JDK 7_


* #### __lionengine-core-swt__
>  * Engine implementation by using __SWT 3.5.1__


* #### __lionengine-core-android__
>  * Engine implementation using __Android 1.5 (API 3)__


* #### __lionengine-game__
>  * Tile based map package (_with minimap support, native save & load function_)
>    * Ray cast collision system
>    * Compatibility with raster bar effect
>  * Projectile system (_with a duo: launcher / projectile_)
>  * Effect system (_and its handler_)
>  * Entity base (_support external XML configuration, gravity and collision_)
>  * Camera management (_view and movement_)
>  * Cursor (_synced or not to system pointer_)
>  * General object factory system (_create instance of entity / effect / projectile_)
>  * Tile extractor (_generate tilesheet from a level rip image_)
>  * Level rip converter (_generate a level data file from a tile sheet and a level rip image_)
  

* #### __lionengine-game-platform__
>  * Background package (_for an easy background composition_)
>  * Extended entity & map package (_including compatibility with raster bar effect_)
>  * Extended camera system
  

* #### __lionengine-game-pathfinding__
>  * __A Star (A star)__ pathfinding implementation
>  * Compatible with game map system


* #### __lionengine-game-strategy__
>  * Extended map package (_adding support to pathfinding and fog of war_)
>  * Extended entity package (_attacker_, _extractor_, _mover_, _producer_ _..._)
>  * Entity skill system (_representing its actions, accessible from icons_)
>  * Control panel system (_map area for game action, HUD area for icons and more_)
>  * Extended cursor (_can interact with entities on map and control panel_)


* #### __lionengine-network__
>  * Server & Client system
>  * Customizable network message
>  * Integrated chat system


* #### __lionengine-audio-wav__
>  * Support for Wav sound


* #### __lionengine-audio-midi__
>  * Support for Midi music


* #### __lionengine-audio-sc68__
>  * Support for Sc68 Atari music

## Download

* [Go to website](http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine)
* [Last version](http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/projects/lionengine/files/LionEngine_6.2.0_lib.zip)

## Installation

Steps to include the __LionEngine__ in your project:

1. Install at least the [Java JDK 7] (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
2. Install the [Android SDK 1.5] (http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html) (only if you use __lionengine-core-android__)
3. Choose your favourite IDE ([Eclipse] (http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/), [Netbeans] (https://netbeans.org/downloads/)...)
4. Download the latest [LionEngine] (http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine)
5. Include all __LionEngine__ libraries you need for your project, following the tree dependency:
  * __lionengine-core__ _(minimum requirement)_
    * __lionengine-core-awt__ _(uses_ __AWT__ _as graphic renderer, target for computer)_
    * __lionengine-core-swt__ _(uses_ __SWT__ _as graphic renderer, target for computer)_
    * __lionengine-core-android__ _(uses_ __Android 1.5__, _target for phones)_
    * __lionengine-game__ _(base for game development)_
    * __lionengine-game-platform__ _(specialized for platform games)_
      * __lionengine-game-pathfinding__ _(support for pathfinding)_
        * __lionengine-game-rts__ _(specialized for strategy games)_
    * __lionengine-network__ _(support for network)_
	* __lionengine-audio-wav__ _(support for Wav sound)_
	* __lionengine-audio-midi__ _(support for Midi music)_
    * __lionengine-audio-sc68__ _(support for Sc68 Atari music)_
6. Join (if you want) the javadoc for each library
7. You are now ready to use the __LionEngine__ in your project

## Getting Started

Once you installed the __LionEngine__ in your project, you may would like to know how to prepare a quick sample as a first try.

#### Main class

* Using __lionengine-core-awt__ or __lionengine-core-swt__
```java
public final class AppJava
{
    public static void main(String[] args)
    {
        Engine.start("AppJava", Version.create(1, 0, 0), Verbose.CRITICAL, "resources");
        final Resolution output = new Resolution(640, 480, 60);
        final Config config = new Config(output, 16, true);
        final Loader loader = new Loader(config);
        loader.start(Scene.class);
    }
}
```

* Using __lionengine-core-android__
```java
public final class AppAndroid
        extends Activity
{
    @Override
    protected void onPostCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState)
    {
        super.onPostCreate(savedInstanceState);
 
        Engine.start("AppAndroid", Version.create(1, 0, 0), Verbose.CRITICAL, this);
        final Resolution output = new Resolution(800, 480, 60);
        final Config config = new Config(output, 32, false);
        final Loader loader = new Loader(config);
        loader.start(Menu.class);
    }
 
    @Override
    public void finish()
    {
        super.finish();
        Engine.terminate();
    }
}
```

#### Minimal sequence
```java
final class Scene
        extends Sequence
{
    private static final Resolution NATIVE = new Resolution(320, 240, 60);

    private final Keyboard keyboard;
 
    Scene(Loader loader)
    {
        super(loader, Scene.NATIVE);
        keyboard = getInputDevice(Keyboard.class);
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void load()
    {
        // Load
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void update(double extrp)
    {
        if (keyboard.isPressed(Keyboard.ESCAPE))
        {
            end();
        }
        // Update
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void render(Graphic g)
    {
        // Render
    }
}
```

## Tutorials

* [LionEngine WebSite](http://lionengine.b3dgs.com)

Commit message:

Readme updated with lionengine-editor.

README.md, after:

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>
            <a href="http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine"><img src="http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/projects/lionengine/lionengine.jpg"/></a>
        </td>
        <td>
            <h4 align="center">Summary</h4>
            <div align="left">
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#presentation">Presentation</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#general-features">General features</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#download">Download</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#tutorials">Tutorials</a></li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Presentation

The __LionEngine__ is a game engine especially developed during the project [Lionheart Remake] (http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionheart_remake) for an easy Java use.
The engine is as a library, in Jar format (_including its javadoc_), which can be included in any project;
for utility class uses, or to directly implement and inherit a game skeleton (_including management of frame rate, extrapolation, input output..._).

Using Java 7 internal libraries, it is specifically designed for 2D games (no support for 3D at the moment), and proposes a set of functions for 2D resources management (_images_, _sprites_, _animations_, _tiles_...).
Inputs and outputs are also available, with an easy keys retrieval, mouse movement... Management of music file are also available (_Wav_, _Midi_, and more using plug-ins, such as _Sc68_).
Windowed, full-screen and applet formats are fully supported, with a complete frame rate control.

In its current version, the engine greatly simplifies the development of __Platform__, __Strategy__ and __Shoot'em Up__ games, and also __Network__ layer.

Since the version __6__, it supports __Android 1.5__ *(API 3)*.
The only change to perform is the gameplay part, as the '__mouse__' and '__keyboard__' concepts are different on Android.
Everything else is fully compatible and does not require any changes.

Since the version 7, it includes an abstract editor that should allow to write easily a dedicated levels editor for your game. It can also be used as default editor without any add-on, just run and import a project from your game compiled sources !

## General Features

* #### __lionengine-core__
>  * Simple initialization, with version control, screen configuration and resource directory
>  * Extrapolation control (_machine speed independent_)
>  * Advanced filtering capability (_Bilinear, HQ2X, HQ3X_)
>  * Sequence control (_intro, menu, game part, credits..._)
>  * Easy resource management (_relative to resource directory_)
>  * Advanced image usage (_sprite, animation, tile, font, parallax_)
>  * File I/O (_binary & XML reader & writer_)
>  * Utility classes (_Random, Conversions, Maths, File..._)
>  * Verbosity control


* #### __lionengine-core-awt__
>  * Engine implementation using __AWT__ from _JDK 7_


* #### __lionengine-core-swt__
>  * Engine implementation by using __SWT 3.5.1__


* #### __lionengine-core-android__
>  * Engine implementation using __Android 1.5 (API 3)__


* #### __lionengine-game__
>  * Tile based map package (_with minimap support, native save & load function_)
>    * Ray cast collision system
>    * Compatibility with raster bar effect
>  * Projectile system (_with a duo: launcher / projectile_)
>  * Effect system (_and its handler_)
>  * Entity base (_support external XML configuration, gravity and collision_)
>  * Camera management (_view and movement_)
>  * Cursor (_synced or not to system pointer_)
>  * General object factory system (_create instance of entity / effect / projectile_)
>  * Tile extractor (_generate tilesheet from a level rip image_)
>  * Level rip converter (_generate a level data file from a tile sheet and a level rip image_)
  

* #### __lionengine-game-platform__
>  * Background package (_for an easy background composition_)
>  * Extended entity & map package (_including compatibility with raster bar effect_)
>  * Extended camera system
  

* #### __lionengine-game-pathfinding__
>  * __A Star (A star)__ pathfinding implementation
>  * Compatible with game map system


* #### __lionengine-game-strategy__
>  * Extended map package (_adding support to pathfinding and fog of war_)
>  * Extended entity package (_attacker_, _extractor_, _mover_, _producer_ _..._)
>  * Entity skill system (_representing its actions, accessible from icons_)
>  * Control panel system (_map area for game action, HUD area for icons and more_)
>  * Extended cursor (_can interact with entities on map and control panel_)


* #### __lionengine-network__
>  * Server & Client system
>  * Customizable network message
>  * Integrated chat system


* #### __lionengine-audio-wav__
>  * Support for Wav sound


* #### __lionengine-audio-midi__
>  * Support for Midi music


* #### __lionengine-audio-sc68__
>  * Support for Sc68 Atari music

* #### __lionengine-editor__
>  * Complete standalone editor which can be used in any project for general level edition
>  * Can be extended to perform more specific things

## Download

* [Go to website](http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine)
* [Last version](http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/projects/lionengine/files/LionEngine_6.2.0_lib.zip)

## Installation

Steps to include the __LionEngine__ in your project:

1. Install at least the [Java JDK 7] (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
2. Install the [Android SDK 1.5] (http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html) (only if you use __lionengine-core-android__)
3. Choose your favourite IDE ([Eclipse] (http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/), [Netbeans] (https://netbeans.org/downloads/)...)
4. Download the latest [LionEngine] (http://www.b3dgs.com/v6/page.php?lang=en&section=lionengine)
5. Include all __LionEngine__ libraries you need for your project, following the tree dependency:
  * __lionengine-core__ _(minimum requirement)_
    * __lionengine-core-awt__ _(uses_ __AWT__ _as graphic renderer, target for computer)_
    * __lionengine-core-swt__ _(uses_ __SWT__ _as graphic renderer, target for computer)_
    * __lionengine-core-android__ _(uses_ __Android 1.5__, _target for phones)_
    * __lionengine-game__ _(base for game development)_
    * __lionengine-game-platform__ _(specialized for platform games)_
      * __lionengine-game-pathfinding__ _(support for pathfinding)_
        * __lionengine-game-rts__ _(specialized for strategy games)_
    * __lionengine-network__ _(support for network)_
	* __lionengine-audio-wav__ _(support for Wav sound)_
	* __lionengine-audio-midi__ _(support for Midi music)_
    * __lionengine-audio-sc68__ _(support for Sc68 Atari music)_
6. Join (if you want) the javadoc for each library
7. You are now ready to use the __LionEngine__ in your project

## Getting Started

Once you installed the __LionEngine__ in your project, you may would like to know how to prepare a quick sample as a first try.

#### Main class

* Using __lionengine-core-awt__ or __lionengine-core-swt__
```java
public final class AppJava
{
    public static void main(String[] args)
    {
        Engine.start("AppJava", Version.create(1, 0, 0), Verbose.CRITICAL, "resources");
        final Resolution output = new Resolution(640, 480, 60);
        final Config config = new Config(output, 16, true);
        final Loader loader = new Loader(config);
        loader.start(Scene.class);
    }
}
```

* Using __lionengine-core-android__
```java
public final class AppAndroid
        extends Activity
{
    @Override
    protected void onPostCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState)
    {
        super.onPostCreate(savedInstanceState);
 
        Engine.start("AppAndroid", Version.create(1, 0, 0), Verbose.CRITICAL, this);
        final Resolution output = new Resolution(800, 480, 60);
        final Config config = new Config(output, 32, false);
        final Loader loader = new Loader(config);
        loader.start(Menu.class);
    }
 
    @Override
    public void finish()
    {
        super.finish();
        Engine.terminate();
    }
}
```

#### Minimal sequence
```java
final class Scene
        extends Sequence
{
    private static final Resolution NATIVE = new Resolution(320, 240, 60);

    private final Keyboard keyboard;
 
    Scene(Loader loader)
    {
        super(loader, Scene.NATIVE);
        keyboard = getInputDevice(Keyboard.class);
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void load()
    {
        // Load
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void update(double extrp)
    {
        if (keyboard.isPressed(Keyboard.ESCAPE))
        {
            end();
        }
        // Update
    }
 
    @Override
    protected void render(Graphic g)
    {
        // Render
    }
}
```

## Tutorials

* [LionEngine WebSite](http://lionengine.b3dgs.com)
